Come, come, let's be there for thee,
Then, by the hour, in the night,
And in the morning, on this morning,
By the hour, in the night,
And soon, now, all the lights are lit,
Is there a world that I need,
In the heart of the night?
Set me the view,
All that's new,
Come, come, let's be there for thee,
And in the morning, on this morning,
By the hour, in the night,
And soon, now, all the lights are lit,
Is there a world that I need,
In the heart of the night?
Set me the view,
All that's new,
Come, come, let's be there for thee,
Then, by the hour, in the night,
And soon, now, all the lights are lit,
Is there a world that I need,
In the heart of the night?
Set me the view,
All that's new,
Come, come, let's be there for thee,
And in the morning, on this morning,
By the hour, in the night,
And soon, now, all the lights are lit,
Is there a world that I need,
In the heart of the night?
Set me the view,
All that's new,
Come, come, let's be there for thee,
Then, by the hour, in the night,
And soon, now, all the lights are lit,
Is there a world that I need,
In the heart of the night?
That piece was entitled,
The Sacrilegal,
And it's kind of a celebration of spring,
A celebration of the woods and the flowers
of living in spring.
We'd like you to join us in the next piece
in just a time of reflection.
We changed the order from the program a little bit.
We're going to Greece,
which we'd like to be in memorial
to those people, those friends, relatives,
and the community who passed away in the past year.
It's our last day today.
And this is our memorial for them.
proposing
Oh, hámeb ho, profound renewal
We'd like to take note, I guess, of this last piece which was come to us courtesy of D.I.
James Thomas, the director of the Nespi Choir, who wrote this piece and sent it to us, gosh,
some year and a half ago, I believe, and said, gee, try this out if you'd like.
And we've tried it out, and here it is. It's Ca' Rath B.
Ca' Rath B.
O'er the land of the free and the home of the brave,
And the home of the brave, O'er the land of the free,
Hail, O'er the land of the free, Hail, O'er the land of the free,
Alleluia, alleluia, alleluia!
He is the Lord and the Holy, He is the Lord,
He is the Lord and the Holy, Alleluia!
Okay, everybody on the first verse, here we go.
Alleluia, alleluia, alleluia!
When the great and high Lord,
God was showing me,
Alleluia, alleluia, alleluia!
Okay, I want to do that again, the first verse, but I don't want you folks up here to sing it.
First verse, you have to practice it.
Okay, here we go.
Ready?
Alleluia, alleluia, alleluia!
When the great and high Lord,
God was showing me,
Alleluia, alleluia, alleluia!
When the great and high Lord,
God was showing me,
Alleluia, alleluia, alleluia!
When the great and high Lord,
God was showing me,
Alleluia, alleluia, alleluia!
Speaking with Reverend Price earlier,
he told me about this family that was going to this church,
and he's a very caring pastor,
and this family kind of started not going to church after a while,
so he called up the family to express his concern to why they weren't coming to church,
and when he called up on the telephone,
on the other end of the telephone there is this,
Hello.
And Pastor, or Reverend Price said,
Well, who's this?
It's Billy.
Well, Billy, is your mom at home?
Yes.
Well, can she come to the phone?
No.
Well, why not?
She's busy.
Well, Billy, is your dad at home?
Yes.
Well, can he come to the phone?
No.
Well, what about Tom?
He's busy.
Well, I hear some commotion going on in the background there, Billy.
Is there anybody else there?
The police.
Well, Billy, can they come to the phone?
No.
Well, why not?
They're busy.
Well, Billy, is that all that's in the house?
The fire department.
Well, Billy, are any of them available?
No.
Well, why not?
They're busy.
Well, Billy, what is everyone doing over there?
They're looking for me.
I'm sorry.
Mommy, mommy, look at that man with those terribly bold legs.
And then mom said, oh, John, you've got to go to finishing school.
So the next year, he wants to finish school.
This is my attempt at poetry.
They're walking down the same street, and that same man with the appearance came down the street,
and this time he said to his mother, he said, mother, mother, what men are these that wear their legs in parentheses.
Thank you.